README.md, before:

# Dropwizard + Gradle = &hearts; [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/smarchive/dropwizard-gradle.png)](http://travis-ci.org/smarchive/dropwizard-gradle)

Minimal example of getting Dropwizard going with Gradle (instead of Maven).

Because the only thing I hate more than Java is XML.

## Gotchas

You need Gradle 1.1 or higher, otherwise you'll run into a [dependency resolution bug](http://issues.gradle.org/browse/GRADLE-2285).

## OneJar

This example is using the [Gradle OneJar Plugin](https://github.com/rholder/gradle-one-jar) which will create
a JAR file of the project including all dependencies, similar to the [Maven Assembly Plugin](http://maven.apache.org/plugins/maven-assembly-plugin/)
or the [Maven Shade Plugin](http://maven.apache.org/plugins/maven-shade-plugin/).

To create a JAR with all dependencies just run `gradle oneJar`. The resulting JAR will be saved as `./build/libs/dropwizard-gradle-standalone.jar`.

You can simply run the application with `java -jar build/libs/dropwizard-gradle-standalone.jar server src/dist/config/helloworld.yml`.

## Gradle Application Plugin

An alternative to creating a fat JAR is using the [Gradle Application Plugin](http://www.gradle.org/docs/current/userguide/application_plugin.html).

To create a distributable ZIP archive including all dependencies for your application just run `gradle distZip`. The
resulting archive will be saved as `./build/distributions/dropwizard-gradle.zip`.

You can also use the `run` task to start the application.

Commit message:

Simplified HelloWorld Example and added support for Eclipse and IntelliJ

README.md, after:

# Dropwizard + Gradle = &hearts; [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/smarchive/dropwizard-gradle.png)](http://travis-ci.org/smarchive/dropwizard-gradle)

Minimal example of getting Dropwizard going with Gradle (instead of Maven).

## Eclipse, IntelliJ IDEA

To create Eclipse project files:

	./gradlew eclips
	
To create IntelliJ project files:

	./gradlew idea
 
## OneJar

This example is using the [Gradle OneJar Plugin](https://github.com/rholder/gradle-one-jar) which will create
a JAR file of the project including all dependencies, similar to the [Maven Assembly Plugin](http://maven.apache.org/plugins/maven-assembly-plugin/)
or the [Maven Shade Plugin](http://maven.apache.org/plugins/maven-shade-plugin/).

To create a JAR with all dependencies just run `/gradlew oneJar`. The resulting JAR will be saved as `./build/libs/dropwizard-gradle-standalone.jar`.

You can simply run the application with `java -jar build/libs/dropwizard-gradle-standalone.jar server src/dist/config/helloworld.yml`.

## Gradle Application Plugin

An alternative to creating a fat JAR is using the [Gradle Application Plugin](http://www.gradle.org/docs/current/userguide/application_plugin.html).

To create a distributable ZIP archive including all dependencies for your application just run `/gradlew distZip`. The
resulting archive will be saved as `./build/distributions/dropwizard-gradle.zip`.

You can also use the `/gradlew run` task to start the application.

## Test Running Application

Testing HelloWorld Resource

	curl http://localhost:8080/hello-world
	
Testing Admin Functions

	curl http://localhost:8081
	curl http://localhost:8081/ping
	curl http://localhost:8081/healthcheck
	curl http://localhost:8081/metrics
